1. ### Jon [Lucas] _—_ 2/18/25, 12:59 AM
    
    @Danny @Darren [Pavel] @Slava [Astor] @Wes [Riven] @Tom [Lee] @Billy [Milo] ------------------------------------ Lucas joins in the revelry of the Feast of Freehaven. During the first portion of the feast, he spends his time telling stories to the children, combining simple cantrips of light and illusion with his engaging narrative to hold the group of children in awe. He tells the parents to go get food, and he’ll watch the young, but very few parents leave. Many will claim they stay because they don’t quite trust a trickster like Lucas, but most are just as enthralled as their children. Lucas did always have a knack for the theatrics. After his second story of adventure (featuring Lucas and His Jolly Band), Lucas excuses himself to go get a drink and the small group begins to disperse. He’s finishing his drink as Riven gets up to speak. A hush falls over the crowd as people turn to listen to the leader of Freehaven. That man may not be as naturally charismatic as Lucas would have thought necessary, but he’s turned into the right leader our fledgling country needed. After Riven’s speech, conversations slowly resume. Somewhere off to the side a lute begins playing.
    
2. As Lucas considers whether to go for another ale (that dwarf brew is actually quite nice), a figure approaches. An old human man walks over, leaning on his staff. He slowly sits down on the bench next to Lucas and takes a drink from the mug he was holding. “Nice little story ya told over there, my boy.” He says without looking over at Lucas. “You seem to have some raw talent for performance, but you rushed it there at the end.” He lets that statement hang in the air for a moment while he takes another swig of his drink. “Don’t be in too big a hurry to get to the exciting part. Often it just leaves people wanting more.” “However,” he says with a grunt as he stands, “I think you did a decent enough job warming up the crowd. I think maybe I’ll give it a go…” He hobbles off to the front of the lodge, leaning heavily on the staff. A moment later, Linzi rushes up. “Were you just talking to him?! Isn’t it incredible? I can’t believe he came!” Lucas looks at her confused. “Who was that?” Linzi throws her head back and laughs, then glances at Lucas again and looks shocked. “You mean you don’t know?! That was Tol-Kin, one of the greatest living bards! He’s been around for decades and knows all sorts of esoterica and stories from all over the world. I wonder if he’ll…” She trails off as she notices Tol-Kin at the front of the hall. He’s had a couple of locals drag over a low table, and he now climbs on top of it. _Thump, thump, thump!_ Three times he strikes the table with his staff. The sound of it reverberates through the hall and silence falls almost immediately. He stands straight and stretches his hands out. “ ‘Twas a night like any other,” he begins. Gone is the stoop in his back and the quaver in his voice.
    
3. At those words, a low murmur ripples through the crowd. Next to Lucas, Linzi is almost hopping up and down from excitement. She grips Lucas’ arm, “It’s the tale I was hoping for! The Halfling, The Dragon, and the Baker’s Dozen Dwarves!” _Thump!_ Another strike from his staff silences the murmurs. Out of the empty air, a tune begins to play, music that no mortal instruments could make. What follows is nothing short of magical. Tol-Kin weaves a tale of adventure, punctuated by lights, illusions, and woven throughout with music. The world seems to slow as the tale continues. The magical effects are incredible, but the story! Lucas could _feel_ it in his bones. He laughed and cheered, gasped and cried along with the crowd. All too soon it is over. Often, after a good story, the crowd will call for more. This time, they all sit in silence for a full minute. Tol-Kin knew the value of silence and let the group reflect. Then, with a bow, he strikes the table twice more with his staff. Immediately, the crowd bursts into raucous applause. He smiles and bows once more, then climbs down off the table and hobbles back over to sit next to Lucas and Linzi. “Master Tol-Kin,” Lucas says in awe, “that was incredible!” Linzi, meanwhile, is making strangled coughing noises after she accidentally inhaled half her ale at the sight of Tol-Kin sitting next to them.
    
4. “So you liked that one, did ya?” Tol-Kin says with a grin as he claps Linzi on the back. “It's a fun one, no doubt, but if you want a real epic, you should hear a telling of Frohdeaux the Nine-Fingered and the Ring of Doom. Ahhh, now that is a story! Takes three full nights to tell it properly, though, and any tale worth sharing is worth sharing well.” Lucas feels a stirring within him, an echo of that stirring felt by the halfling in Tol-Kin’s tale before he was swept off on his adventure. “Master Tol-Kin, would you take me on as a pupil of yours? Would you stay and teach me? You could tell the tale of Frohdeaux.” The words are out of his mouth before he fully realizes them. Tol-Kin's eyes sparkle in the firelight as he genuinely considers Lucas's request. Then he shakes his head, “I'm sorry my boy, but I'm not staying long. I wouldn't have come at all except for the heartfelt request of a trainee of one of my old students. How is Beneford these days?” He glances at Linzi at this, and she smiles warmly back at him. “He's settled down,” she says, “Court Bard for some noble family out East. I think he's happy there.” Tol-Kin scoffs at this. “A Bard who stays in one place is one who's stories grow stale. Mark my words, both of you, never trust a Bard who hasn't any scars or who's happy settling down. You don't collect stories in a tavern, not the good ones anyway. That's why I must be off. The road calls to me. But your friend's announcement of a tournament, now that might be worth coming back for. I'd like to see this Battle of the Bards. Might even keep me here long enough to tell that story.”
    
5. ### Jon [Lucas] _—_ 2/18/25, 1:06 AM
    
    Then he looks directly at Lucas with the gaze of a man who can truly understand your life story. “You've got talent, boy, no denying. What's more, you've got a life that's worthy of becoming a tale to tell. If you truly want to develop the talent, find a teacher.” The call in those words is unmistakable. Lucas considers a moment and then answers, “I think I have found one.” He turns to Linzi, “tell the others I'll be back in a month.” Then to Tol-Kin, “I'm no stranger to the road, and if you'll have me for a month, we'll see how much I can pick up. Are you leaving tonight?” At this Tol-Kin laughs, a deep belly laugh, “oh ho, my boy! One story and you're ready to run off and join the circus? No, I'll be leaving midday tomorrow. Go set things in order. From what I hear, this place is used to you lot running off for months on end. If you are as talented with your healing and magic as rumors say, I'll have you for a month. Let's see what stories we can learn, what story-worthy adventures we can have in one-month’s time. What say you Linzi, care to join us? Maybe you can teach me to play that blasted 10 stringed monstrosity you call a lute.” Linzi has a grin as wide as a child given a whole starberry pie. “We'd need to clear it with Riven first…” “Leave Riven to me.” Lucas says, “he owes me one after I brought him back from the brink of death.” Tol-Kin smiles again and leans in conspiratorially, “well, if we're going to have a group of three for a month, this might be a good chance for us to go and explore a rumor I heard about a spot a while back…” _Lucas is now retrained, dropping the psychic dedication feat, and adding the Bard Dedication._