1. ### Slava [Astor] [FROG],  _—_ 12/9/25, 3:45 PM
    
    Once Irovetti's ousted, the monastic order he's a part of comes out of hiding. They were disturbed that their leader had gone missing, and then he never returned from the tournament, so they found shelter amongst the people. None of them seem to know where she has gone however. He asks the guards, the other churches in the city, and calls for the dungeons to be checked, but there's no sign of her at all. It isn't until he's escorting Engelidis out of the city in the evening, towards Nightmarch, and she casually asks him. **"So, why are you 'Saint Flint'? Is this a common moniker for nagaji these days?"** _He stops in his tracks._ **"You've met another? Where? When!?"** **"Oh, not too long ago. We used to have tea sometimes too, back when she could roam the palace. But Irovetti started to worry about her growing influence, and I may have spilled a little tea since I enjoyed our rare chats."** _She keeps walking, unperturbed._ **"The look on her face, petrified! She worried so much for her people, she said she had to disappear so Irovetti wouldn't take it out on them"** **"Did she say where she was going? We need her now, more than ever!"** _He rushes to catch up to the naga, realizing he had frozen in place._ **"She did not. But she said that her staff would have the means to call her back, and she would leave it with one of her favorite idiot students."** _She searches her memory._ **"I think his name was Eri Malai? Maybe you can ask him if he has it."**
    
2. ### Slava [Astor] [FROG],  _—_ 12/16/25, 11:13 AM
    
    --- _After leaving the city limits and bidding farewell to Engelidis, he examines the staff he's been carrying. A silver shaft that sparkles with the gentle glow of starlight, and capped by a crystalline sphere, swirling with constantly shifting constellations. He has carried it more as a symbol of status, but hardly thought to use it at all._ _He points it to the night sky, closing one eye until he can align it to a star._ **"That one. That one will take you home, Master."** [[Guiding Star](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=923 "Guiding Star
    (https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=923)")]
    
    [Spells - Archives of Nethys: Pathfinder 2nd Edition Database](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=923\)])
    
3. ### Slava [Astor] [FROG],  _—_ 12/16/25, 11:26 AM
    
    --- _About a week later, during a church service (`that the entire party is invited to`), a stern-looking nagaji woman pushes the doors open, walks past the pews straight to him. He looks like he's seen a ghost and stops mid-sermon. He offers her the staff, which she takes, and bops him on the head with._ **"Fool. The spell guides you to the place where it was cast. I was waiting in the woods for days, thinking you'd come to tell me what the situation is. I had to hear it from a traveling merchant that Irovetti is no more."** _He opens his mouth to speak, but she interrupts him._ **"And furthermore, you've taken my name as well as my robes and staff? Have you no shame?"** _He finally gets a word in._ **"Master! I thought that's what you wanted. You left behind your staff and vestments, and no note! I thought I had to take your place until you returned, so that others would not think us headless."** **"I didn't mean for you to literally become me! Did you really think you could pass for me? I'm certain you've fooled no one."** **"..."**