
1. ### Darren [Pavel] _—_ 6/3/26, 4:52 PM
    
    In the dark of a moonless night, in a valley surrounded by hills, the former village of Oaktop is a smoldering ruin. Wispy smoke rises from the remains of small-but-proud houses, now reduced to piles of ash. In the square, a pile of horrors is surrounded by flies. The faint stench of smoke and decay reaches to the hilltops. But around the entrance to the silver mine, there is activity. Lights on poles show redcaps bringing ore to the surface and dumping it onto sledges. Trolls are hooked up to the sledges, while satyrs supervise. Sitting on a rock above this scene of destruction and looting, Pavel thinks about women.
    
2. He hears Astor clanking stealthily up behind him. Astor stops next to Pavel's rock, glances up at him, and says "Any change?" "Nope," Pavel replies. He had already taken care of the guards on the hilltops; Neryssa's forces in the valley were completely blind. Astor grunts. "Good. We're about to start. Riven's forces will feint from the west, and when they fall back, hopefully Neryssa's forces will follow. Then we hit them." Pavel barely listens. He keeps replaying the scene from this morning in his mind, trying to figure out what it meant. Cat yawns beside him.
    
3. ### Darren [Pavel] _—_ 6/3/26, 5:00 PM
    
    Finally Pavel looks down from his perch. "Astor, you understand women, right?”
    
4. Attn @Danny , @Slava [Astor] , @Wes [Riven] , @Billy [Milo] , @Tom [Lee] , @Jon [Lucas]
    
5. ### Slava [Astor] [FROG],  _—_ 6/10/26, 5:49 PM
    
    **"...Is now....no, you've got that look. You won't be able to focus until you get it out, eh Pavel? Let's have it then."** _Astor pulls out a bag of dried tea leaves and a thermos with hot water. He pours it into a brewing kettle and sits down._
    
6. _The tea cups themselves are incredibly dainty. He says they're 'travel-sized'_
    
7. ### Darren [Pavel] _—_ 6/10/26, 5:57 PM
    
    "Well, you married one, right? Or you got one to marry you, I don't know how that works. But I figure it must mean you have an understanding of some sort. "So what does it mean when a woman says she wants to be friends?" With his magically enhanced darkvision, Pavel thinks he can see Riven's archers taking up a position at the west end of the valley.
    
8. ### Slava [Astor] [FROG],  _—_ 6/10/26, 6:17 PM
    
    _Astor picks up the kettle and tilts it forward. It misses the cups entirely and spills onto the earth._ **"Like most of life, it depends on the situation. I told my now-wife I wanted to be friends, because I was scared it might be too much to ask for more."** _He extends the hot leaves forward to Pavel for a sniff._ **"Smell that? Lightly floral? Anyway, what would it mean if you said you want to be friends with her?"** _More hot water enters the kettle._
    
9. ### Darren [Pavel] _—_ 6/10/26, 6:42 PM
    
    Pavel thinks hard. “Well, my only friends are the people I go kill things with. And Linzi, of course. She’s friends with everyone. Is that what women do with their friends? Go kill things? That doesn’t sound right…” He frowns. Just then a light illuminates the valley below, centered between Riven’s forces and the silver mine where the trolls and satyrs are working. They pause, looking up, and then start running to gather weapons as arrows whistle down out of the dark. “Get ready!” Pavel calls back softly to the people hidden behind them. “It’s almost time.”
    
10. ### Slava [Astor] [FROG],  _—_ 6/10/26, 7:18 PM
    
    _Astor grunts and grabs his horned helm. He curses as he stands up, that tea set was a gift from his in-laws. His wife will kill him if he's lost it._ **"Look Pavel, friends aren't the people you take lives with. They're the people you share life with!"** _He glances back and thuds a gauntlet against his plate._ **"The rest of you catch that? Remember them in the moments to come!"**
    
11. ### Darren [Pavel] _—_ 6/10/26, 10:51 PM
    
    Below them, an astonishingly large number of arrows seem to miss their targets, as the trolls and satyrs form up into a line with only a few casualties. A large troll dressed in robes of fur raises a staff topped with a human skull, and chants an incantation. A fireball erupts among the grouped archers. Half of them disappear in illusory mist, while the remainder, apparently unscathed, appear to start running. Pavel chuckles. “Did you see that, Astor? Lucas is going to be bragging about that illusion for the next week.” The line of trolls and satyrs starts to charge, chasing the supposedly fleeing archers. Pavel leaps from his rock, transforming one of Astor’s tea cups into travel-sized shards. “Let’s go!” he hisses. “The shaman is mine.” Pavel hears the whoosh of Rindle’s engines behind him, and watches as Lee sprints past, laughing. Pavel slows his pace to match Astor’s as the big man charges down the hill, plate armor jangling. “So… Theoretically, if a woman said she respected you and didn’t want to play games, and she liked Cat and wanted to be your friend, what would you do next? Theoretically.”